Designing the UI for the 'virasic renewal notice' web page was planned using a simple photo editor to establish each
section of the page, dividing each element of the page into respective tags, including <div> for main sections, breaks and footers, 
heading and <p> tags for text, and identifying which images would need to be extracted from the document and added to the page. 

It was decided that the webpage would implement max-width for the page body so that the layout and format of the document would retain 
its layout as though it was an A4 page. This would make the page printer friendly for the client to keep for their records. Further, 
the page would be scaled for smaller web windows by organising each element using flexbox displays. Flex elements are useful when designing 
for adaptable pages as the direction and wrap rules are easily modifyable in the CSS class using a media tag. 

In the cover and premium details, it was decided to use a <table> to layout the information regarding benefit and premium details. 
The table tag is much better suited for the organisation of data in familiar formats such as an Excel spreadsheet. While this information
could have also been presented using a series of <div>s, the benefit of the <table> tag is that each row and cell is easily understandable to
a developer when reading the raw html file. 

Once this design plan was made, the elements of the page were designed step by step, creating and modifying CSS classes as necessary. Some
design decsions were made which veered from the original document, but assisted in readability of the information. For example, the size and 
padding of the text in the benefit and premium table was modifed so that there was a clearer distincition between each column, which 
greatly assisted in the readability of the document. 

A number of improvements could be made to the website to improve user experience and make the site more adaptable for future use: 
    - Use of variables for core site elements, such as primary color etc. 
    - Use of variables to autofill client information (client firstname, lastname, address, data table etc.)
    - Further optimisation for site mobile viewing 
    - optimise image loading 